Update local-network.mdx (#18562)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/getting-started/local-network.mdx

Each time you start the network by passing `--force-regenesis`, the local network starts from a random genesis with no previous data, and the local network is not persisted. If you'd like to persist data, skip passing the `--force-regenesis` flag. For more details, see the [Persist local network state](#persist-local-network) section.
:::

To customize your local Sui network, such as starting other services or changing default ports and hosts, include additional flags or options in the `sui start` command.

:::info

> Note that `with-indexer` and `with-graphql` and related options and flags requires you to use the `sui-pg` binary from the GitHub release archive, or to build the `sui` binary with the indexer feature enabled: `cargo build --bin sui --features indexer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Options and flags like `with-indexer`,  `with-graphql`, and related require you to use the `sui-pg` binary from the [GitHub release archive](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/releases), or to build the `sui` binary with the indexer feature enabled: `cargo build --bin sui --features indexer`.
```
Suggestion is to fix "require/requires" agreement and to remove "Note that" because it's somewhat redundant, especially in an info/note box.
